hi this is Megan for American
snowmobiler magazine and we are here in
northern Idaho at sled fest
and the main event here at sweat fest
well that's the Freestyle and I'm here
with two-time gold medal champion Joe
Parsons Joe thanks for joining us thank
you and what type of things are you
going to be doing for the for the crowd
today
oh we're just going to be pumping them
up at intermission and after the races
are over with some some tricks that
you'll see me doing at X Games the back
flips the cliffhangers and the seat
grabs and all that stuff that everybody
knows free stuff for
and what Joe Parsons does is incredible
when he comes to an event like sled fest
he steals the show on his mods to do
Joe has the full arsenal of tricks that
the sport of snowmobile freestyle has to
offer and that could be at Tsukuba
this crowd was mesmerised as joe throws
down one incredible trick after another
with beautiful Lake Pend Oreille in the
background
many of these spectators have never seen
anything like this and to have this
action so up-close well it's just
amazing
Joe has promised to throw down something
incredible for the grand finale could it
be the trick he did at the X Games the
whole 360 backflip where he lands seated
backwards on his sled that's watching
see
they have so much to do and see here at
slugfest snow cross hill cross even a
sweetheart race great food vendors like
like Ed's performance come on let's go
take a look the hill Cross event is
always a crowd-pleaser now for those of
you who are not familiar with Hill cross
it's a mixture of snow cross and hill
climbing the competition is fierce and
getting the whole shot is imperative
we have racers being ejected as they
pile into the first corner of this race
these razors are one thing on their
minds at their kitchen area where these
joints and banging into each other the
first place money at the top of the hill
the snow cats racers and hill climbers
compete Lissa vent the snow clusters
have the short trench and the hill
climbers they have the long tracks legs
the short track sleds give the racer the
agility in the control over these jumps
and into these steep banked turns that
you see the long track sleds give the
racers the traction for that burst of
speed up this mountain into the finish
line
not only sleds are competing here at
sled fest snow bikes are getting into
the action too
and now it's time for the sweetheart
race now the ladies are gonna start this
race by running up their sleds and
starting
they'll make the first lap around the
snow cross track
then they come back to the start and
have to pick up their sweetheart now
here's where timing and coordination
come in then they're off again to make
another lap around the track
four laps around the track and the final
lap that guides the driver and the
ladies behind
this year sweetheart race Amanda and
Justin for more information about
visiting the Sand Point area go to visit
Sandpoint dot org and don't forget to
tune in next fall for all the action and
adventure of sled in the West for
networks and air dates visit our website
at sled in the West com